[IMP] Barcode: Bringing activate barcodes current (#16446)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/barcode/setup/software.rst

=========================
Activate barcodes in Odoo
=========================

.. _inventory/barcode/software:

The barcode scanning features can save a lot of time usually lost switching between the keyboard,
the mouse, and the scanner. Properly attributing barcodes to products, product packagings, picking
locations, and more ensures more efficient workflows by controlling the software almost exclusively

> with the barcode scanner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The barcode scanning features can save a lot of time usually lost switching between mouse and keyboard and the scanner. Properly attributing barcodes to products, product packagings, picking
locations, and more helps ensure efficient workflows by controlling software almost exclusively
with the barcode scanner.
```

Just suggestions!

.. image:: software/activate-barcode.png
   :alt: Enable Barcode Scanner in the Inventory settings.

Barcode formats
---------------

It is possible to use *default nomenclature* for the barcodes in the database. Default nomenclature
supports barcode actions using product universal product codes (UPCs) and European Article Number
(EAN) barcodes.

It is also possible to use *default GS1 nomenclature*. GS1 nomenclature consolidates various product
and supply chain data into a single barcode. Most retail products use EAN-13 barcodes, also known as
GTIN (Global Trade Identification Numbers). GTINs are used by companies to uniquely identify their
products and services. While GTIN and UPC are often used synonymously, GTIN refers to the number a
barcode represents, while UPC refers to the barcode itself. More information about GTINs can be
found on the `GS1 website <https://www.gs1.org/standards/get-barcodes>`__.

In order to create GTINs for items, a company must have a GS1 company prefix. This prefix is the
number that will appear at the beginning of each GTIN, and will identify the company as the owner of

> the barcode any the products it appears on. To learn more about GS1 company prefixes, or purchase a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to create GTINs for items, a company must have a GS1 company prefix. This prefix is the
number that appears at the beginning of each GTIN, and identifies the company as the owner of
the barcode. To learn more about GS1 company prefixes, or purchase a
```

Removed the wills, and I think the bit about the owner of barcodes is a bit more understandable if we cut the bit about the products the barcodes appear on. Feel free to reinsert if this removes important context, though.
